Signals
Signals are asynchronous messages delivered to a process or group of processes from kernel’s process
manager. Linux supports 64 signals. UNIX and its variants provide two different categories of signals.
1) General purpose (Event notification) signals
2) Real time (Process communication) signals

->A general purpose signals are mapped to specific system events and they are identified with a
specific name and name is assigned as per the event to which they are bound.
->Set of signals assigned to job control events are triggered when specific job control operations are
initiated.
General purpose signals are of five categories:

->Job control: SIGCONT (18), SIGSTOP (19), SIGSTP (20).

->Termination: These signals are used to interrupt or terminate a running process.

SIGINT (2), SIGQUIT (3), SIGABRT (6), SIGKILL (9), SIGTERM (15).

->Async I/O: These signals are generated when data is available on a specific device or when kernel
services wish to notify applications about resource state.
SIGURG (23), SIGIO (29), SIGPOLL (29).

->Timer: These signals are generated when application chooses timers alarms.
SIGALRM (14), SIGPROF (27), SIGVTALRM (26).

->Error reporting: These signals occur when application code runs into an exception.
SIGHUP (1), SIGILL (4), SIGTRAP (5), SIGBUS (7), SIGFPE (8), SIGPIPE (13), SIGSEGV (11),
SIGXCPU (24).

Real time signals are exclusively meant for process communication. These signals do not have pre assigned
names. They are priority ordered (33-64).

Signal flow:

The source of a signal can be
	1) Process
	2) Exception handler (error reporting signals)
	3) Kernel services (drivers)
->The destination of the signal would be a process always.
->Signal generation and signal delivery may not take place in sequence. Signaling subsystem may delay
the delivery of a signal when destination process is not ready to receive signals. The main reasons for
the signal delay are
	1) Destination process is in wait state.
	2) Destination process has explicitly disabled signal delivery.
->An application can respond to a signal using either of the following methods.
	1) Execution of kernel defined signal handler (default).
	2) Execution of application defined (specific) signal handler.
	3) Ignore.
